Add a lighter name mangling option (#14695)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/tactics.rst

   This :term:`option` specifies the prefix to use when generating names.

> -- flag:: Mangle Names Light

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. flag:: Mangle Names Light
```

Author: Alright, I will squash later.

>    When this :term:`flag` is set (it is off by default),
>    the behaviour of :flag:`Mangle Names` is changed to only prepend
>    the :opt:`Mangle Names Prefix` to the original name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When this :term:`flag` is set (it is off by default),
   the names generated by :flag:`Mangle Names` only add
   the :opt:`Mangle Names Prefix` to the original name.
```

Since it's a "prefix", "prepend" is not needed.  IMHO.
